urdb2gtkd                                                                V0.0.2

This is the urdb2gtk-demon that dumps ude color settings into $HOME/.gtkrc.

For information about building the software read INSTALL.

usage:
  urdb2gtkd [--dump]

Without the --dump option urdb2gtkd will dump the resource database into
$HOME/.gtkrc and then wait for changes to the database. $HOME/gtkrc is
rewritten each time the database changes. In this mode any previously existing
.gtkrc is being backed up and restored when urdb2gtkd quits. Therefore and
for not interrupting urdb2gtkd while writing to .gtkrc NEVER STOP THE PROGRAM
WITH ANYTHING BUT SIGHUP!
When --dump is used, urdb2gtkrc will exit immediately after dumping .gtkrc.

This program leaks memory at least with my XFree 4.2.0 Xlib. This seems to
be due to a bug in Xlib which does not free all of a resource database when
XrmDestroyDatabase is called. If the leak also exists on your system you may
want to use urdb2gtkd in dump mode (use uwm's ScreenCommand feature to call 
urdb2gtkd --dump every time you change workspaces).
Everybody else (or those who don't care) start urdb2gtkd & either from your
StartScript or from your .xinintrc/.xsession file.

Finally please note that this is unsupported software, i.e. if you have any
other requests than severe bug reports don't send them in. Severe bugs are
any real bugs such as program crashes or the program corrupting the file
system. In particular, "urdb2gtkd sets a black text color on a black
background in this or that application and I cannot read it." is NOT a severe
bug. This behaviour is caused by the extremely inconsistent gtk color
configuration mechanism, write a bug report to the gtk folks instead). Also
don't bother to send me any feature requests for this program, they will be
ignored for political reasons. There won't be configuration files or further
command line options to define another name or frame for .gtkrc. If you want
proper color support for gtk-applications ask the gtk folks to respect the
standards and use the X resource database for configuration just like
everybody else does as of X11R5.

Have Fun
  Christian Ruppert <arc@users.sourceforge.net>
